##Git For Beginners : Git Guide

Overview

Welcome to the Git Guide project! This multi-page website is designed to help new developers understand the basics of Git and GitHub. Whether you're just starting out or need a refresher, this guide will walk you through everything from creating a repository to managing branches and resolving merge conflicts.

This is a group project, and everyone has contributed to the creation of the website. Our main goal is to present Git concepts in a clear, practical way to help developers use version control in their daily workflows.

Table of Contents

Project Description

How to Use This Repository

Website Structure

Contributing

Team Members

License

Project Description

This assignment is about understanding the why and how of using Git and GitHub. The project focuses on creating a website that explains key Git concepts for new developers.

Key Features of the Website:

Home Page: Introduction to the project and its purpose.

Project Page: Explanation of remote repositories and the GitHub workflow.

Changes Page: Guide on adding code to repositories with Git commands.

Branching Page: Explanation of the importance of branching in Git and how to manage it.

About Us Page: Meet the team and learn more about the contributors.

How to Use This Repository
Prerequisites

To get started with this repository, make sure you have:

Git installed on your machine. Install Git

A code editor like Visual Studio Code or Sublime Text.

Cloning the Repository

Clone the repository using the following command:

git clone https://github.com/chaitali786/git-for-beginners.git


Navigate into the project directory:

cd git-guide


Open the project in your favorite code editor to start exploring!

Running the Website

Open the index.html file in your browser to view the website locally.

If you'd like to contribute or edit content, simply make changes to the HTML and CSS files.

Website Structure

Here’s a breakdown of the website pages and what they cover:

1. Home Page (index.html)

A general introduction to Git and GitHub and why they’re important tools for developers.

2. Project Page (project.html)

A detailed explanation of why remote repositories are necessary.

Step-by-step instructions on creating a project on GitHub.

The essential Git commands to create a project locally, link it to a remote repo, and contribute.

3. Changes Page (changes.html)

Explains how to stage, commit, and push changes to a repository.

Provides a walkthrough of the git add, git commit, and git push commands.

4. Branching Page (branching.html)

Discusses the importance of branching in Git.

Explains how to create and delete branches using Git commands.

5. About Us Page (about_us.html)

A brief introduction to the team members who worked on this project.

Contributing

Since this is a group project, everyone contributed to different sections of the website and the repository. Here’s what we did:

Each team member created their own branch for the section they worked on.

Each person committed their changes and pushed them to the remote repository.

We merged each branch back into the main branch.

We resolved any merge conflicts along the way to ensure everything integrated smoothly.

How to Contribute

If you’d like to contribute to this project, follow these steps:

Fork the repository to your own GitHub account.

Create a new branch for your changes.

Make changes to the HTML, CSS, or any other files you need.

Commit your changes and push them to your forked repository.

Open a pull request so we can review your changes and merge them into the main project.

Team Members

Here are the team members who worked on this project:

Member 1: Responsible for the Home and Project pages.

Member 2: Worked on the Changes and Branching pages.

Member 3: Contributed to the About Us page and assisted with Git operations.